CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at <https://github.com/n8henrie/pycookiecheat/issues>.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

-   Your operating system name and version.
-   Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in
    troubleshooting.
-   Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" is
open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with
"feature" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

pycookiecheat could always use more documentation,
whether as part of the official pycookiecheat docs,
in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at
<https://github.com/n8henrie/pycookiecheat/issues>.

If you are proposing a feature:

-   Explain in detail how it would work.
-   Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to
    implement.
-   Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that
    contributions are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up pycookiecheat
for local development.

1.  Fork the pycookiecheat repo on GitHub.
2.  Clone your fork locally:

        $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/pycookiecheat.git

3.  Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have
    virtualenvwrapper installed, this is how you set up your fork for
    local development:

        $ mkvirtualenv pycookiecheat
        $ cd pycookiecheat/
        $ python3 setup.py develop

4.  Create a branch for local development:

        $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

    Now you can make your changes locally.

5.  When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8
    and the tests, including testing other Python versions with tox:

        $ flake8 pycookiecheat tests
        $ python3 setup.py test
        $ tox

    To get flake8 and tox, just pip install them into your virtualenv.

6.  Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

        $ git add .
        $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
        $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7.  Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1.  The pull request should include tests.
2.  If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated.
    Put your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add
    the feature to the list in README.md
3.  The pull request should work for Python 3.3, and 3.4, and
    for PyPy. Check <https://travis-ci.org/n8henrie/pycookiecheat/pull_requests>
    and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Tips
----

Commit message:

Use venv, recommend pulling against dev branch

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at <https://github.com/n8henrie/pycookiecheat/issues>.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

-   Your operating system name and version.
-   Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in
    troubleshooting.
-   Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" is
open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with
"feature" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

pycookiecheat could always use more documentation,
whether as part of the official pycookiecheat docs,
in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at
<https://github.com/n8henrie/pycookiecheat/issues>.

If you are proposing a feature:

-   Explain in detail how it would work.
-   Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to
    implement.
-   Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that
    contributions are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up pycookiecheat
for local development.

1.  Fork the pycookiecheat repo on GitHub.
1.  Clone your fork locally:

        $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/pycookiecheat.git
        $ cd pycookiecheat

1. Check out the `dev` branch, where development happens prior to
   being merged into `master`. Your changes should be based on the
   `dev` branch, and your PR should eventually be requested against
   my `dev` branch.
   
        $ git checkout dev
        
1.  Install your local copy into a virtualenv (`venv` in modern python).
    Some linux distributions will require you to install `python-venv`
    or `python3-venv`, other times it will already be bundled with python.
    There are many ways to skin a cat, but this is how I usually set up a
    fork for local development:
    
        $ python3 -m venv .venv # set up hidden virtualenv folder: .venv
        $ source ./.venv/bin/actiate # activate virtualenv
        $ which python
        /Users/me/pycookiecheat/.venv/bin/python
        $ python -m pip install -e .[dev] # editable install with dev dependencies

1.  Create a branch for local development:

        $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature # or use e.g. issue_13

    Now you can make your changes locally.

1.  When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8
    and the tests, including testing other Python versions with tox:

        $ tox

1.  Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

        $ git add .
        $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
        $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

1.  Submit a pull request through the GitHub website against my `dev` branch.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1.  The pull request should include tests.
2.  If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated.
    Put your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add
    the feature to the list in README.md
3.  The pull request should work for all Python versions that this project
    tests against with tox. 
    Check <https://travis-ci.org/n8henrie/pycookiecheat/pull_requests>
    and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Tips
----
